Project TitleProject GraphicGroup Name (if applicable)Name(s) of Designer(s)Cedarcrest High SchoolDate
1.0 Introduction (2 points)1.1 Introduction paragraph(s) gives an overview of the application/game.  Tell what the app/game is in general and specific terms.2.0 Target Market (2 points)2.1 Give a description of who would use the product and / or a customer list.  (It could be a design for one specific user.)3.0 Success in Creating Product (16 points)3.1 Answer the questions (4): How successful were you in creating the product?  How well did you use your time?  How well do you think your app/game do in the market against competitors?  Who are those competitors?3.2 Give lessons learned (at least 2).  Such as what you would do again (2).  What you would not do again (2).3.3 Give specific and appropriate supporting details (8).  Use as many paragraphs as needed to fully explain.  (You may also embed screen shots.)  Make sure to refer back to your requirements document to demonstrate how you met the requirements and timelines of your project.4.0 Art and Marketing (8 points)4.1 Show the art that you used for the project.  The art (including layout) is worth 2 points of the 8 for the section.4.2 Show the screenshots you will use to help market your app/game on any software release sites.  (2)4.3 Give the description you will or have already used on the release site (Google Play Store, Apple Store, etc.).  This description must include the name of the app, the name of the development team, and any other pertinent information required by the release site.  If you only release your software on GitHub or other sharing sites, make sure to tell what licensing model you are using.  (4)5.0 Connection to Requirements (4 points)5.1 Describe how well you met your original requirements.  Include how you decided on the project and a brief overview of your requirements (from the requirements document).  Tell how you met the requirements and the timeline.6.0 Customer Satisfaction (8 points)6.1 Create a 5-question questionnaire.  At least one of the questions must be about the user experience (including User Interface).  Give the questionnaire to at least four testers and include them with this document.  (4)  Give a brief overview of your testers’ satisfaction and tell how this small test sample will affect your next steps.  (4)
Appendix/NotesInclude the completed questionnaires in the appendix.You can also put other notes or thoughts into the Appendix/Notes section.  These are thoughts or notes that do not fit into the other categories but add to the understanding of the product.By the way, edit the header (put the title of your project) and footer (replace “Name” with your name so that it appears on each page).NameMarch 24, 2021Page 2 of 3Project TitleNameMarch 24, 2021Page 1NameMarch 24, 2021Page 1