App NameGroup Name (if applicable)Logo (graphic - optional)Mission Statement (optional)Member Names (if applicable)
App Design Document1.0 Introduction (2)1.1 Introduction stuff goes in this paragraph1.2 Have a paragraph about the marketability of the (mobile) app.  Who is the audience?2.0 Features (4)2.1 Describe the features in separate paragraphs, including the platform(s) the app will be available on and other marketing features.2.2 Fully describe the features.  Make sure that each paragraph has a single feature in its body.3.0 Genre/Type of application (2)3.1 Explain the genre/type of application more than just naming it.  Give reasons for choosing the genre/type.  Also give examples of what existing apps are in the genre.3.2 Devote a paragraph (or more) to competing titles and the potential for market saturation.4.0 Usage and Operation (4)4.1 Talk about how the app will be used.  Interfaces, interaction, sounds, etc. are all important.5.0 Rewards/Scoring/Accomplishments (4)5.1 Talk about how your user will gain points.  Some games and apps do not have scores or points, so talk about how the user will be rewarded or how accomplishments will be recognized.  An accomplishment could be as simple as gaining a coin or creating a document.6.0 Strategies for designing the app (4)6.1 Explain the steps that the design process will take.  If it is a group project, make sure that the responsibilities of each member are addressed in detail.7.0 Timeline and Benchmarks (4)7.1 Give dates for specific things happening.  Refer back to section 6.  Be detailed.  The benchmarks should be chronologically forward, but when you create the timeline, you should start at the end with the release date and go backward to the known start date, filling in the relevant dates in between.8.0 Lessons (things needed to know before fully implementing the app) (4)8.1 Things like AI, physics, trigonometry, and even just plotting pixels to the screen are necessary to develop the app.  Talk about the different things that you will need to learn before what tasks need to be accomplished.9.0 Learning Method(s) (4)9.1 Talk about what you will do to learn the lessons you described above.  These could be watching videos, reading tutorials, modifying example code, or any number of ways.  Talk about it (or them) in enough detail to show that you know how you learn the things you need to learn.10.0 Management of design group (4)10.1 Decide who is going to do what in the design group.  A must is who will be the project manager and thus the task master.  Show the hierarchy of the group in this section.11.0 Release (2)11.1 Tell what platform(s) the app will be released on.  (Google Play, App Store, GitHub, etc.).12.0 Costs (2)12.1 Tell what costs you have paid to release the app (include all developer costs, like paying for a developer license).
AppendixUse as many appendices as you need to explain what you are doing.  This document is your guide to developing your app.  Any figures that you need and any physics modeling, will figure prominently in the appendices.  Each specific that needs an appendix should have its own.  The appendices should be lettered A through Z.  If more are needed, then you should continue with AA through ZZ and so on or use more broad topics.Note:	Use this document as a template.  Use the numbered format with each heading a X.0 paragraph.  Then each subparagraph will be numbered as X.1, X.2. etc., where X is the number of the section.  If more sections are needed, add them in the logical locations.App Name Design DocumentMarch 24, 2021		Page 1